project_estimation/README.rst, before:

Project Estimation
==================
This module defines an ``Estimation`` mode on projects.

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Smart Button
------------
A smart button is added on projects.

When a project is in ``Estimation`` mode, the button is blue.

.. image:: static/description/project_smart_button_blue.png

Otherwise, the button is gray.

.. image:: static/description/project_smart_button_gray.png

When I click on the button, a confirmation wizard is opened.
This wizard allows to either enter or exit the estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/estimation_mode_exit_wizard.png

.. image:: static/description/estimation_mode_enter_wizard.png

Kanban View
-----------
In kanban view of projects, a blue badge is added on projects in estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/project_kanban.png

Configuration
-------------
By default, when creating or duplicating a project, the new project is NOT in estimation mode.

This prevents the module from breaking unit tests on other modules.
The estimation mode can be used to alter behavior on projects
(see module project_estimation_material).

It you desire new projects to be created in estimation mode by default, you may
define the following system parameter:

..

	project_estimation_mode_active_default = True

.. image:: static/description/system_parameter.png

Contributors
------------
* Numigi (tm) and all its contributors (https://bit.ly/numigiens)

Commit message:

TA#36340 add extra view elements related to project estimation (#175)

project_estimation/README.rst, after:

Project Estimation
==================
This module defines an ``Estimation`` mode on projects.

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Smart Button
------------
A smart button is added on projects.

When a project is in ``Estimation`` mode, the button is blue.

.. image:: static/description/project_smart_button_blue.png

Otherwise, the button is gray.

.. image:: static/description/project_smart_button_gray.png

When I click on the button, a confirmation wizard is opened.
This wizard allows to either enter or exit the estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/estimation_mode_exit_wizard.png

.. image:: static/description/estimation_mode_enter_wizard.png

Kanban View
-----------
In kanban view of projects, a blue badge is added on projects in estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/project_kanban.png

Also, a filter allows to view only projects that are in estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/project_filter.png

Tasks
-----
In form view of a task, if the task is related to a project in estimation mode, a message is displayed.

.. image:: static/description/task_form.png

In list or kanban view of tasks, a filter allows to view tasks related to a project in estimation mode.

.. image:: static/description/task_filter.png

Configuration
-------------
By default, when creating or duplicating a project, the new project is NOT in estimation mode.

This prevents the module from breaking unit tests on other modules.
The estimation mode can be used to alter behavior on projects
(see module project_estimation_material).

It you desire new projects to be created in estimation mode by default, you may
define the following system parameter:

..

	project_estimation_mode_active_default = True

.. image:: static/description/system_parameter.png

Contributors
------------
* Numigi (tm) and all its contributors (https://bit.ly/numigiens)
